ID: UC1.1
Title: Book avaliable flights
Description: A customer books avalible flights on the system.
Actor:A customer
Main scenario:
1) The user indicates that they want to book avalible flights.
2) The user enters a destination and date of departure.
3) The system displays the avalible flights the user chooses including starting time of the departure.
4) The system confirms the flight is booked after the customer pays the booking fee.
Alternative scenario:
4a) The user enters a destination that does not exist.
  4a.1) The system informs the user the destination does not exist.
  4a.2) The use case contiues at step 2.
4b) The user selected a date of departure in the past.
  4b.1) The system informs the user the date of departure is invalid.
  4b.2) The use case continues at step 2.

ID: UC1.2
Title: Manage Flight
Description: A manager can manage flights on the system.
Actor: A manager
Main scenario:
1) The user indicates to manage the flights.
2) The system will display current flights.
3) The user can assign pilots and flight attendants to specific flights while adding the flight.
4) The user can enter the capacity of the flight, departure/arrival time and departure/arrival locations while adding the flight.
5) The system confirms the new flight is added.
Alternative scenarios:
5a) The departure/arrival time and departure/arrival locations are the same as the existing flights.
  5a.1) The system informs the user that they cannot add a new flight that has the same info as the existing flight.
  5a.2) The use case continues to step 4.

ID: UC2.1
Title: Create employee
Description: The owner creates a new employee(pilot, flight attendant, booking manager).
Actor: Owner
Main scenario:
1) The owner indicates they want to create an employee.
2) The system displays the employee creation form.
3) The owner enters the role, id, name of employee and email.
4) The system validates and creates the employee record and confirms success.
Alternative scenarios:
4a) Missing required fields (e.g., role, name, email)
  4a.1) The system informs the owner that required fields are missing.
  4a.2) The use case continues at step 3.
4b) Duplicate account (email/ID already in use).
  4b.1) The system informs the owner that the employee already exists.
  4b.2) The use case continues at step 3.

ID: UC2.2
Title: Update airline info
Description: The owner updates airline-level information (branding, policies, contacts).
Actor: Owner
Main sceanrio:
1) The owner indicates that they want to update airline information.
2) The system displays editable fields (name, branding, conatct info, policies, terms).
3) The owner enters changes and submits.
4) The system validates and saves the updates and confirms success.
Alternative scenarios:
4a) Required fields are empty or files types are invalid.
  4a.1) The sytstem informs the owner which fields need attention.
  4a.2) The use case continues at step 3.

ID: UC2.3 
Title: Manage prices of flights
Description: The owner sets or update flight prices.
Actor: Owner
Main sceanrios:
1) The owner indicates that they want to manage flight prices.
2) The system shows the pricing dashboard with base fares, taxse/fees and promotions.
3) The owner selects a flight /route or creates a pricing rule and enters prices details(base fare, class, effective dates).
4）The system validates and applies pricing, recalculates displayed fares, and confirms success.
Alternative sceanarios:
4a)Entered price is negative and below minimum allowed threshold.
  4a.1) The system informs the owener that the price is invalid.
  4a.2) The use case continues at step 3.

